Adding messages for monitor events aggregation key update (#27044)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/events/_index.md

**Tip**: To open the Event Management page from Datadog's global search, press <kbd>Cmd</kbd>/<kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>K</kbd> and search for `event explorer`.

{{< callout url="https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/events/" header="false" >}}

> **Update to the aggregation_key for Datadog monitor events starting March1st:** The Datadog monitor events aggregation_key is unique to each Monitor ID. Starting March 1st, this key will also include Monitor Group, making it unique per *Monitor Id and Monitor Group*. If you're using monitor events aggregation_key in dashboard queries or the Event API, please migrate to using @monitor.id. Please reach out to [support](https://www.datadoghq.com/support/) if you have any question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Update Datadog monitor events to use `aggregation_key` starting March 1, 2025:** The Datadog monitor events `aggregation_key` is unique to each Monitor ID. Starting March 1st, this key will also include Monitor Group, making it unique per *Monitor ID and Monitor Group*. If you're using monitor events `aggregation_key` in dashboard queries or the Event API, you must migrate to use `@monitor.id`. Reach out to [support](https://www.datadoghq.com/support/) if you have any question.
```

Author: Thanks! closed this PR in favor of https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/27048
